You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
Good day for overcoming obstacles. Try a steeplechase.
Your love life will be... interesting.
Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to. -- Mark Twain
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
Don't worry. Life's too long. -- Vincent Sardi, Jr.
Save energy: be apathetic.
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
Your lucky number is 3552664958674928. Watch for it everywhere.
Familiarity breeds contempt -- and children. -- Mark Twain
"... all the modern inconveniences ..." -- Mark Twain
Questionable day. Ask somebody something.
For a light heart lives long. -- Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
Don't read everything you believe.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been. -- Mark Twain
Time to be aggressive. Go after a tattooed Virgo.
So this is it. We're going to die.
You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
You may get an opportunity for advancement today. Watch it!
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Give him an evasive answer.
Q: What is the sound of one cat napping? A: Mu.
Chicken Little was right.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
Q: How many WASPs does it take to change a light bulb? A: One.
Conscience doth make cowards of us all. -- Shakespeare
The time is right to make new friends.
You will be married within a year.
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
You will soon forget this.
You fill a much-needed gap.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
Q: What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A: A stick.
Cheer Up! Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
You have a truly strong individuality.
Wagner's music is better than it sounds. -- Mark Twain
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow. Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
Give your very best today. Heaven knows it's little enough.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
Bridge ahead. Pay troll.
Stay away from flying saucers today.
You may be recognized soon. Hide.
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
Tempt not a desperate man. -- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
Never reveal your best argument.
You are number 6! Who is number one?
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
When in doubt, tell the truth. -- Mark Twain
For a light heart lives long. -- Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
You will triumph over your enemy.
Don't plan any hasty moves. You'll be evicted soon anyway.
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
Truth will out this morning. (Which may really mess things up.)